README.md, before:

# Meituri Album Downloader

**Not safe for work (NSFW)**.  
A command line script that lets you download albums with given IDs from [meituri.com](https://www.meituri.com/). You need the album ID and the number of photos in an album to start downloading the images.

## How to

Usage in command line:

`meituri.py album_id num_of_pics`

### Example:
`meituri.py 14449 55`

![](extras/screenshot_site.png)

![](extras/screenshot_cmd.png)
### Explanation:
Attempts to download the album with the ID of 14449 that has 55 pictures in it.  
URL of the example: https://www.meituri.com/a/14449/

IDs are in the URL when viewing an album after the /a/ and before whatever page you might be on.  
Same example with page:	https://www.meituri.com/a/14449/2.html  
ID is 14449.

Number of pictures are located on top of the page with the other set info.
```
  拍摄机构： [agency name]
  图片数量： 55P <-- Number of pictures, has a P next to it
  发行日期： 2016-03-04
```
Model name and info is below the information above on the website if you want to check more of the model.

Commit message:

Update README.md 3
Add python to commands
General edits
Add a link to the terminal issue
Move cmd screenshot below

README.md, after:

# Meituri Album Downloader

**Not safe for work (NSFW)**.  
A command line script that lets you download albums with given IDs from [meituri.com](https://www.meituri.com/).  
The album ID and the number of photos in the album are needed inputs to start downloading the images.

## How to

Usage in command line:

`python meituri.py album_id num_of_pics`

### Example:
`python meituri.py 14449 55`

![](extras/screenshot_site.png)

### Explanation:
Attempts to download the album with the ID of 14449 that has 55 pictures in it.  
URL of the example: https://www.meituri.com/a/14449/

IDs are in the URL when viewing an album after the `/a/` and before whatever page you might be on.  
Same example with page:	https://www.meituri.com/a/14449/2.html  
ID is 14449.

Number of pictures are located on top of the page with the other set info.
```
  拍摄机构： [agency name]
  图片数量： 55P <-- Number of pictures, has a P next to it
  发行日期： 2016-03-04
```
Model name, alias and other info is below this information on the website if you want to check more of the model.

### Result:

Check [this issue](https://github.com/kittenparry/meituri-downloader/issues/1) about other terminal applications.

![](extras/screenshot_cmd.png)
